apache: enable zstd and gzip compression in caddy and disable brotli (#8521)
nextcloud/all-in-one: readme.md

- PHP and web server timeouts set to 3600s, [adjustable](https://github.com/nextcloud/all-in-one#how-to-adjust-the-max-execution-time-for-nextcloud) (important for big file uploads)
- Defaults to a max of 512 MB RAM per PHP process, [adjustable](https://github.com/nextcloud/all-in-one#how-to-adjust-the-php-memory-limit-for-nextcloud)
- Automatic TLS included (by using Let's Encrypt)

> - zstd/gzip compression enabled by default for javascript, css and svg files which reduces Nextcloud load times

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- zstd/gzip compression enabled by default inside caddy inside the apache container
```
